# Hoist Dev Utils

Tooling for building and deploying web applications built on the Hoist React platform. This
repository is made available as the `@xh/hoist-dev-utils` package on npm for import and use by
applications.

### Shared development dependencies

The package.json file in this repository specifies a set of development dependencies required for
building Hoist React applications. Those applications can specify `@xh/hoist-dev-utils` as a dev
dependency and transitively bring in libs for Webpack and all associated plugins used in app builds,
including Webpack Dev Server, Babel, and other essential loaders.

In most cases it is expected that this can be the _only_ dev dependency required by Hoist React
apps.

### Webpack configuration

The configureWebpack.js module exports a single `configureWebpack()` method that can be used to
output a complete Webpack configuration. This includes support for transpiling and bundling multiple
client application entry points with preconfigured loaders for JS code (Babel), styles
(CSS/SASS/PostCSS) and HTML index file generation. See the docs within that file for further
details.

The generated Webpack configuration also sets the value of several XH globals within the built JS
code, via the Webpack DefinePlugin. These include `XH.appCode` and `XH.appName` (both required),
`XH.appVersion` (typically set as part of the build) and similar.

The intention is to reduce application webpack config files to a minimal and manageable subset of
options. An example of such a file would be:

```javascript
const configureWebpack = require('@xh/hoist-dev-utils/configureWebpack');

module.exports = (env = {}) => {
    return configureWebpack({
        appCode: 'myApp',
        appName: 'My Application',
        appVersion: env.appVersion || '1.0-SNAPSHOT',
        agGridLicenseKey: 'myOrgsAgGridLicenseKey',
        favicon: './public/favicon.png',
        devServerOpenPage: 'app/',
        ...env
    });
};
```

Note that additional env variables can be provided at build time, so the application file can
specify initial defaults (such as appVersion above, checked in as a SNAPSHOT) that are then
overridden for particular builds (e.g. via `webpack --env.prodBuild --env.appVersion=1.2.3` to cut a
versioned 1.2.3 release).

See the [Hoist React readme](https://github.com/xh/hoist-react) for step-by-step details on the
build process.

### ESLint Configuration

‚ú® This package includes a development dependency on the `@xh/eslint-config` package.
[That package](https://github.com/xh/eslint-config) exports an eslint configuration object with
ExHI's coding conventions and best practices for Hoist React based development.

Applications that already have `@xh/hoist-dev-utils` as a dependency can use these rules for their
own ESLint config by specifying their `.eslintrc` file as simply:

```
{
  "extends": ["@xh/eslint-config"]
}
```

If required, rules and other settings extended from this base configuration can be overridden at the
app level.

------------------------------------------

üì´‚òéÔ∏èüåé info@xh.io | <https://xh.io/contact>

Copyright ¬© 2020 Extremely Heavy Industries Inc.
